system variables: add system variable cte_max_recursion_depth (#5775)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: ON
- Controls whether statements should automatically commit when not in an explicit transaction. See [Transaction Overview](/transaction-overview.md#autocommit) for more information.

### `cte_max_recursion_depth`

- Scope：SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value：1000

> - This variable is used to control the maximum recursion depth in Common Table Expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Controls the maximum recursion depth in Common Table Expressions.
```
